Describe process for contributing a new standard: (#96)
XRPLF/XRPL-Standards: README.md

# XRP Ledger Standards / Drafts

To ensure interoperability between XRP (Ledger) applications, tools, platforms, pursuing a great user experience, the community (developers, users, etc.) _should_ agree on certain specifications.
  
# [Contributing](./CONTRIBUTING.md)

Please see [CONTRIBUTING.md](./CONTRIBUTING.md)

# Directory

> 

Reviewer: Would a folder be created once the Standards draft is published as a Candidate Specification?

Author: No; each Draft should have a folder as well. [XLS-2d](https://github.com/xpring-eng/XRPL-Standards/tree/master/XLS-2d) is an example of a Draft that has a folder.

> To ensure interoperability between XRP (Ledger) applications, tools, platforms, pursuing a great user experience, it would be best if the

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To ensure interoperability between XRP (Ledger) applications, tools, platforms, pursuing a great user experience, the community (developers, users, etc.) _should_ agree on certain specifications.
```

> community (developers, users) agree on certain implementations.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

# Revisions

> If a standard requires a substantive revision and using the same number would result in confusion, a separator '.' may be added, e.g. `XLS-1.1`.

Author: I would prefer to eliminate the "increment every time" revision number. Using commit hashes to refer to old versions should be sufficient, and requires no "manual" work to maintain.

> If a standard requires a substantive revision and using the same number would result in confusion, a separator '.' may be added, e.g. `XLS-1.1`.

Author: Updated.
